Vanessa watches a piece of wearable
technology that integrates both car data
and biometric data and of course all the
normal watch functionalities you'd
expect in a way that you can socially
share with your friends through Facebook
Twitter Instagram listen has chosen this
moment to enter the wearable technology
space for two simple reasons one it's a
fantastic growth air at the moment
there's a huge amount of consumer
interest and secondly the digital age
performance direction for nismo is
something that we've already proven
through the nismo lab experience and we
wanted to continue and make that more
accessible to our customers and to nismo
drivers through business and watch
business end is my watch
listen is my brand is there to drive
motor sports performance all the way
through our motor sports program with
the nismo athletes and with GT Academy
down into their to our products on the
street and really this this direction is
something that we're going to continue
on for a long period of time and we've
already seen from them on this year with
the ability to bring both the race track
performance together with the biometric
performance of our drivers to our public
through the Juke ride project and this
is another step forward in that
longer-term vision the nismo line
project measures two things essentially
it looks at your breathing rate and your
heart rate and it combines all that
information with the information coming
out of our racing cars and brings that
data to our GT Academy program operators
so that we can drive better performance
of our athletes in our cars with the
nismo watch will take the essence of
that through combining your heart rate
through the measurement of your heart
rate from your wrist with the data from
your car terms of the overall speed add
the g-force measurements and we'll bring
that back to the driver through the
nismo watch so that you can understand
how he's performing in his car but also
so he can share that with his friends
and family
wearable technology is such a fantastic
growth area at the moment and this L
will certainly be prevailing to look at
using this to launch future activities
going forward at the moment the nismo
watch as being launched in Frankfurt as
a concept well I see what how customers
react to it and see how our Nismo
drivers reactivate to look at them
developing this for the future in line
with other nismo technology